---
title: Export or delete a user's organizational data in Kaizala
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: chucked
author: chuckedmonson
manager: serdars
ms.date: 12/21/2018
audience: Admin
ms.topic: article
ms.service: kaizala
ms.custom: Kaizala
ms.localizationpriority: medium
search.appverid:
- MET150
- MOE150
- MED150
- MBS150
ms.assetid: 150ec214-a070-4e8a-8509-82f46d84bbb6
description: Learn how to export users' organizational data from the Kaizala management portal.
---

# Export or delete a user's organizational data in Kaizala

When users in your organization use Kaizala, consumer data is generated. Organizational data may also be generated if the user participates in an enterprise group established by the organization. Admins can export a user's organizational data from the Kaizala management portal. Kaizala users can export their private data from the Kaizala mobile app. Check out [Export or delete your data in the Kaizala mobile app](export-or-delete-your-data.md) for more info. 
  
## How admins can export organizational data

To export an organization's data from Kaizala, follow the steps below: 
(Note: You must be a member of the global admin role group to complete these steps.)
  
1. Sign in to the Kaizala management portal.
    
2. Select **Reports** and choose **Export tenant data**.
    
Follow the steps to generate an archive file which will contain multiple CSV files. These CSV files will contain all the data which is associated with the organization. To find data generated by a particular user, you will need to filter for that user, using Excel functionality.
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The export process includes the product and service usage user's telemetry data. 
  
## How admins can delete organizational data

To completely remove a user's organizational data from Kaizala, you can remove them via the Kaizala management portal. Once the user is deleted, their information will be deleted from organizational groups in Kaizala. However, data within non-organizational groups will remain.
  
### Remove a user from Kaizala admin center

To remove a user from Kaizala, follow the steps below:
(Note: You must be a member of the global admin role group to complete these steps.)
  
1. Sign in to the Kaizala admin center.
    
2. Select **Users**. Then choose the phone number that you want to delete and select **Delete**.
    
The user will be removed from all the groups which belong to your organization. Their data, including messages and content shared on the organization groups, and any Kaizala Actions, will be deleted from the user's device. You have 30 days to restore the account before the user's data is permanently deleted.
  
If the user originally had access to the Kaizala management portal, they'll no longer have it if they have also been removed from the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
  

